Xiaoxue, have you thought about it?
Brother Chu Chen loves you very much
I figured it out.
He spends all day drinking and drinking
I had no common language with him before
There must be a misunderstanding between the two of you.
I saw him embracing to the left with my own eyes
Hugging on the right, drinking with two girls
Can this be fake?
Well, give me a few days.
I'll ask Brother Zhu Cheng.
See what's going on
Well, a week at most.
If he can't give me a satisfactory answer
I will definitely divorce him
I also don't want my child to be born
Just a jerk father like me
Brother Chen, come and drink
Drink, drink, drink, eat or not, what do you look like?
Oh.
Does it have something to do with you?
Xiaoxue is going to divorce you, do you know?
It's over
I've been wanting to divorce you for a long time
Brother Dust, you are not such a person, I know
Tell me what's your problem.
Excuse me?
Then you're really wrong.
That's who I am
Hahaha Miss Wu
If you have nothing to do, hurry up and leave, okay?
Don't go
I don't pay
Do you want to play with us?
Come on, hahaha, Brother Ming, drink, drink
What to drink
A few bitches, get out of here
Who are you? Just nosy
OK
Take the money and go